Oh two seconds let us pretty get this
hello okay okay baby two seconds warming
and so nice to talk to you what a
surprise first it was good to see what
did you leave there's a little
dissension between all of us I didn't
never had to respect back after that I
was the butt of the joke
Jimmy's working there mister people it
was nice I would like to take in your
menu and ran when there is still
sweating what are you working these two
sweaty so what are you doing apartment
sweating
besides wedding I'm working for a
company right now that does raw foods am
into raw food it's really important to
say to me now they didn't get chance to
say you are chef give me a job so that
again give me a job
I thought that when you came along about
maybe God delivered you yeah yeah who's
talking about your sweating first that I
may think about it it's like Niagara
Falls in your eyes thank you